expiration fixes (#169)
redis/docs: content/commands/ft.search/index.md

{{% alert title="Notes" color="warning" %}}
 
- If `NOCONTENT` is given, an array is returned where the first element is the total number of results, and the rest of the members are document ids.

> - If a key expires during the query, an attempt to load the key's value will return a null array. The key is still counted in the total number of results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a relevant key expires while a query is running, an attempt to load the key's value will return a null array. However, the key is still counted in the total number of results.
```
